As a Data Scientist, you will be an integral part of the Information and Analytics team supporting the organization to enhance and drive overall top-line sales growth and profitability. This role will also interface with multiple key stakeholders and functional teams.

In this role, you will be responsible for providing insights to the cross-functional business teams leveraging a variety of internal and external data sets, and advance analytic techniques to create value. This role will also interface with multiple stakeholders and teams on a consistent basis to deliver analytic outputs.  

The ability to gain stakeholder consensus, build coalitions, and present a vision to the broader organization will be crucial for success. 

The ability to formulate hypothesis and draw inferences from different cross functional datasets and generate a story of insights is key. 

you have ability to transform data into insights which provide very clear direction to stakeholders on what actions are needed to drive transformation in the business.  

Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches, a strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data. Analyze data, run descriptive statistics, generate prior distributions, explore relationships: correlation, covariance, causality, regression modeling, and build Bayesian Influence diagrams. Must be hands-on and must have worked on implementing data mining algorithms, work with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of core business areas. Strong experience in Data Visualization, Presentation and Story Telling. Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment. Partner with business, Data Scientists, and Engineers to create POCs/Pilots, demonstrate thought leadership and generate marketing insights. 

What You’ll Need To Succeed

Required: 

Master’s degree in a related field (e.g. Applied Science, Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or another analytical field) 

At least 1 year data science experience

Expertise in Machine Learning (ML), Data Science, AI, and Data Mining is required.

Expertise in Data Wrangling, Engineering, Exploratory data analysis using statistics and programing.

Expertise in ML algorithms such as PCA, LASSO, RIDGE, SVM, Bayesian, Random Forest, Boosting, Clustering, ARMA, Time Series modeling, Generalized Linear Models, Regression Models, Neural Networks, RNN, CNN, and LSTM is required.

Expertise in building models using Python, Spark, Scala, SQL, R

Active listening skills and deep analytical ability are required

A passion for excellence and exceeding customer expectations is required

Preferred

PhD in a related field (e.g. Applied Science, Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or another analytical field)

Consumer goods experience 

Preferred experience in Classification, Forecasting, Anomaly detection, Outliers analysis, Optimization, Trends analysis, Bayesian inference, Time-Series methods (ARMA/ARIMA), Markovian processes.

Preferred experience in Java, C++, SAS, SPSS, Azure, Big Data, AWS

Preferred experience in Text Mining and Natural Language Programming (NLP).
